README.md, before:

# End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLFlow


## Workflows

1. Update config.yaml
2. Update schema.yaml
3. Update params.yaml
4. Update the entity
5. Update the configuration manager in src config
6. Update the components
7. Update the pipeline
8. Update the main.py
9. Update the app.py


## How to run?
### STEPS:
Clone the repository

https://github.com/entbappy/End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLflow

### STEP 01- Create a conda environment after opening the repository
conda create -n mlproj python=3.8 -y
conda activate mlproj

### STEP 02- install the requirements
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Finally run the following command
python app.py
Now,

open up you local host and port
MLflow
Documentation

cmd
mlflow ui
dagshub
dagshub

MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=https://dagshub.com/Faroukdata/End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLFlow.mlflow
MLFLOW_TRACKING_USERNAME=Faroukdata
MLFLOW_TRACKING_PASSWORD=77cb844a2b07d87d5c016a6d91131f4e2c339464
python script.py

Run this to export as env variables:

set MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=https://dagshub.com/Faroukdata/End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLFlow.mlflow

set MLFLOW_TRACKING_USERNAME=Faroukdata

set MLFLOW_TRACKING_PASSWORD=77cb844a2b07d87d5c016a6d91131f4e2c339464

Commit message:

model prediction, app.py and docker added

README.md, after:

# End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLFlow


## Workflows

1. Update config.yaml
2. Update schema.yaml
3. Update params.yaml
4. Update the entity
5. Update the configuration manager in src config
6. Update the components
7. Update the pipeline
8. Update the main.py
9. Update the app.py


## How to run?
### STEPS:
Clone the repository

https://github.com/entbappy/End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLflow

### STEP 01- Create a conda environment after opening the repository
conda create -n mlproj python=3.8 -y
conda activate mlproj

### STEP 02- install the requirements
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Finally run the following command
python app.py
Now,

open up you local host and port
MLflow
Documentation

cmd
mlflow ui
dagshub
dagshub

MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=https://dagshub.com/Faroukdata/End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLFlow.mlflow
MLFLOW_TRACKING_USERNAME=Faroukdata
MLFLOW_TRACKING_PASSWORD=<yourpassword>
python script.py

Run this to export as env variables:

set MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI=https://dagshub.com/Faroukdata/End-to-end-Machine-Learning-Project-with-MLFlow.mlflow

set MLFLOW_TRACKING_USERNAME=Faroukdata

set MLFLOW_TRACKING_PASSWORD=<yourpassword>


#app.py
Html example from getbootstrap.com

web app to docker image deploy to container registry (azure)
